README.md, before:

# 🎶 BoogieBox 🎶

**BoogieBox** is your ultimate disco-themed companion! Whether you're feeling funky, groovy, or chill, BoogieBox recommends the perfect tunes to match your mood. But wait, there's more! The most exciting part? You get to have a **Just Dance face-off with an AI-powered challenger**! It's time to show off your moves and let the music take control.

## ✨ Features

- **Mood-based Song Recommendations:** 
  BoogieBox offers tailored music suggestions based on your current mood. Whether you want to vibe with something smooth or shake it up with energetic beats, we've got you covered.

- **AI-Powered Just Dance Face-Off:** 
  Challenge our AI to a dance battle! BoogieBox analyzes your moves and compares them against the AI’s flawless rhythm. Can you keep up? Test your skills and dance like nobody's watching!

- **Groovy Disco Theme:** 
  BoogieBox brings back the magic of the disco era with funky visuals and vibrant sounds. Get ready for the dance floor of your dreams, filled with lights, colors, and music that never stops!

## 🎮 How It Works

1. **Pick Your Mood:**
   Select your mood from various options (e.g., happy, funky, chill) to receive personalized song recommendations.

2. **Get Ready to Dance:**
   Once you're in the groove, challenge BoogieBox's AI in a Just Dance-style face-off. The camera will track your movements and match them against the AI's dazzling performance.

3. **Score and Win:**
   At the end of the face-off, BoogieBox will score your performance. Can you out-dance the AI and claim the BoogieBox crown?

## 💻 Installation

Follow these steps to set up BoogieBox on your local machine:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/boogiebox.git
```

2. Navigate to repository:

```bash
cd BoogieBox
```
3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
4. Run the application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

Commit message:

README.md updated with Future Scope

README.md, after:

# 🎶 BoogieBox 🎶

**BoogieBox** is your ultimate disco-themed companion! Whether you're feeling funky, groovy, or chill, BoogieBox recommends the perfect tunes to match your vibe. But wait, there's more! The most exciting part? You get to have a **Just Dance face-off with an AI-powered challenger**! It's time to show off your moves and let the music take control.

## ✨ Features

- **AI-Powered Just Dance Face-Off:** 
  Challenge our AI to a dance battle! BoogieBox analyzes your moves and compares them against the AI’s flawless rhythm. Can you keep up? Test your skills and dance like nobody's watching!

- **Groovy Disco Theme:** 
  BoogieBox brings back the magic of the disco era with funky visuals and vibrant sounds. Get ready for the dance floor of your dreams, filled with lights, colors, and music that never stops!

## 🎮 How It Works

1. **Get Ready to Dance:**
   Challenge BoogieBox's AI in a Just Dance-style face-off. The camera will track your movements and match them against the AI's dazzling performance.

2. **Score and Win:**
   At the end of the face-off, BoogieBox will score your performance. Can you out-dance the AI and claim the BoogieBox crown?

## 💻 Installation

Follow these steps to set up BoogieBox on your local machine:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/boogiebox.git
```
2. Navigate to the Repo:
```bash
cd BoogieBox
```
3. Install Dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
4. Run the Application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```
5. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8501` to access the WebApp

## 🌟 Future Scope

- **AI-Gym Trainer:** As a future enhancement, BoogieBox aims to include an AI-powered gym trainer to guide your workouts and provide personalized training routines based on your performance and goals.
